When you're looking at people in your life you admire they seem to fall
into a number of different classes, people who are historical figures
who live in the past, people who are living today of, people who
you know only through the newsreels, and people you know personal.
So it's hard to come down with a single person that I can say I admire
them the most. My previous boss at USC was a person I admire greatly,
he was a very thoughtful and very pragmatic academic, he was not
an ivory tower guy he understood how the world really worked. He was
brilliant and came from a professorial family and had a lot of achievement
in high performance computing, I had a tremendous amount of
admiration for him. He was also professional quality of baseball players
until his arm gave out as a pitcher, super guy nice guy fun to
be with new every topic you want to talk. Outside of that in cryptology
I guess I have to say one of my heroes was Joe Rochefort historically
he's the man who was in Honolulu and helped break the Japanese
codes in World War two. In academia, one of my favorite people was
my first boss at Caltech, Doctor Paul Messina he's now at Argonne
National Laboratories a very intelligent fellow born in Sicily raised
his Panama and educated in United States always fun to be with a gentleman
of the first order I appreciate gentility as well.